feat(database): enable connection pooling (#296)
energywebfoundation/iam-cache-server: README.md

This repository follows [Conventional Commits specification](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/).

### Commit message format

`<type>(<scope>): <subject>`

Samples:

```
feat(login.strategy): add optional numBlocksBack config
feat(deps): bump `passport-did-auth` and `iam-contracts` versions to latest
```

### Using CLI

If you want to be lead step-by-step you can use `cz-cli` which will help you setup commit message according to our standards  
`$ npm run commit`

In case if commit got interrupted (i.e. failed tests, failed eslint etc.) you can run  
`$ npm run commit:retry`

### Troubleshooting

`error: unknown option 'hook'`

In this case you need to initialize commitizen locally  
`$ commitizen init cz-conventional-changelog --save-dev --save-exact`

### Connection pooling

To calculate maximum number of connections use following formula:  
`{DBInstanceClassMemory/12582880}` - for example t2.micro has 512 MB RAM so maximum connections will be `(512*1024*1024)/12582880 ~= 40,`

Then divide maximum connections number by number of maximum amount of IAM Cache Server instances.  

> If you are going to host 4 instances of ICS then `DB_MAXIMUM_CONNECTION_POOL` should be `40/4=10`

Reviewer: Where is this formula derived from?

Author: Yeah, sory I did not notice that, will disable prettier for `md` files. For formula you need to ask @hejkerooo

Reviewer: @hejkerooo could you comment on the rational for the formula please?

Reviewer 2: Formula should be `LEAST({DBInstanceClassMemory/9531392}, 5000)` 

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Limits.html

Reviewer: Thanks @hejkerooo . What do you think of this change @Harasz ?
```suggestion
To calculate maximum number of connections use following formula:  
`LEAST({DBInstanceClassMemory/9531392}, 5000)`. This is taken from the [AWS RDS "Maximum number of database connections" documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_Limits.html).

Then divide maximum connections number by number of maximum amount of IAM Cache Server instances.  
If you are going to host 4 instances of ICS then `DB_MAXIMUM_CONNECTION_POOL` should be `40/4=10`
```
